Interview Research
mostly they will do the talking, youll talk because you want to. conversation and expect their reaction

be relatable and make them feel that you understand them
try to multiply your experience , take your time 
try to make the interviewer reply
the goal is to make them relate to you
giving your situations as motivations
dwell on the technical specific questions as it is your strength
justify your decisions
IBM is just a subset of a industry
you have a senior to look forward to mindset and you are the good subordinate
-----------

tell me about yourself

skills/ qualities - i am ...who
what youve done in previous roles - have build up skills that match the job description, example dependable in difficult projects that meets client demands
strategic - 

what you do if they hire you -  goal oriented
-------------------------
why do you want to work in IBM?
i am driven by the idea that my  strength, goals will be met if I get to workplace where nakaka experience ng different tech. one of the mature tech firms

belief that aligns with goals
nakikita kong advantage yun 1. 
i like to feel na may nabibigay akong value

------------------------'
how you manage difficult?

marami kasing ways to approach,

try to deliver in timely manner

understand ano ba talaga need nila. 
ano yung pintpoint nila na critical ng business

ensure na naecknowledge mo yung needs
asses me with your available resource ano priorities

transparent

-----

I hope it gives you a clear picture


---------------------

tenacity questions:

what would you do during roadblocks?

governor limits, lack of skill - seek someone na, lack of comms 
there are many ways to approach , hindi lang siya linear. hindi team mo lang, hindi method mo lang. pwedeng team mo, timeline magadjust


to be realistic

what makes you standout

-------------------------

different workplace
learn from overyone, if things are new walang tapon
respect everyone
just know you boundaries mo and able to communicate

--------------

what do you know about salesforce
salesforce lightning

describe your worst project experience
how would you describe salesforce to your grandma
strength/weakness
a time when you convinced someone something
what is your superpower
describe customer win from start to finish - success story
what to do with ambuiguity
tell me about a time you failed
how do you handle conflict
how do yo prioritize task
why salesforce

Lord kayo na po bahala, di ko po alam ieexpect ko . pero sana maqualify po ako sa requirements nila. 
